As a history buff and huge fan of Anne Boleyn, this novel made me sick. There is a limit as to how far a novelist can stretch the truth while writing historical fiction, and Gregory went too far. It is clear that Gregory did hardly any research on Anne Boleyn's character (as is evidence by the fact that she did not even consult THE biography on Anne, Eric Ives's book) and instead was too concerned with making Mary Boleyn out to be more important than she actually was to English history. Gregory unfortunately just reiterated the slanders that Anne Boleyn's character incurred after her execution by her Catholic enemies. It is sad that an author today could do so much disrespect to a historical figure in one novel. Furthermore, she cites Retha Warnicke's research as being her primary basis for the novel, yet after Warnicke heard this, she publicly distanced herself from the novel--mainly because Gregory misinterpreted Warnicke's theories completely. In my opinion, Gregory may as well have made up characters and kept the story she wrote, because she completely changes the personalities of these figures as we know them from the years of reasearch done by actual historians. I am all for using creative license to "fill in the gaps", but Gregory uses far too much license in this book, and instead changes the facts for her own interest--in order to make Anne appear as the horrible, manipulative sister, while Mary is an innocent victim of Anne's wrath. It is proposterous. For example, Gregory completely ignores Mary's behavior in France before she joined the Tudor court. Historians are pretty certain that she slept with the King of France, as well as others, during her time there. Gregory chooses to believe that Mary is a virgin when she comes to Henry, just to make her appear more innocent. Another example is Anne making Henry Carey her ward. She did this because Mary did not have enough money to give Henry a proper education, so Anne was helping her, and actually did an extremely nice thing by giving him such a good education. Gregory spins this to make it seem like Anne is stealing Henry from Mary--a ridiculous notion and quite the opposite of what actually happened.Besides the switching around of facts, the book isn't even very well written. The characters are very black and white, as is true in most of Gregory's novels (one woman=good, other woman=bad). I would not recommend this book to anyone.. if I could give it a 0 star review, I would have.