WARNING! SPOILER ALERT: The author should spend less time with the hbo series and more time with decent writing. This series started out great. It has become nothing but a mishmash of drivel by book 5.  Too many characters with no substance.. Nothing but pages of mindless meaningless words that drag on but do not advance the storyline.  If the author had stuck to the major characters and expanded upon them instead of killing them all off, the book could have been on the level of Tolkein's work. That comparison has now been lost. What is left to look forward to after the author has killed off Ned Stark, Caitlyn Stark, Joffrey, Robb Stark, Brienne,and a host of others.  Now we're left with Jon Snow stabbed 4 times and no knowledge of his fate at the end of book 5.. Is he dead or not? This is tiresome. The few remaining characters need to 'grow up' in the next book and the Stark children should be returned to Winterfell with the help of Jon Snow to rebuild. It would be perfectly legit for Tommen or some king to release Jon from his vows to the blackwatch so he could stay on as their protector along with perhaps Sam as their Maester and help Gilly raise both 'babe's, or something along those lines.  I'm just weighted down with the total chaos of this series. I keep waiting for the author to understand that we have no reason to have any kind of attachment to the books or characters when we know he's just going to kill them off anyway.. So why bother? Enough of the frivolous killing off good characters. Something good needs to happen and stay happened. lets MAKE SOME PROGRESS! I'm so disgusted with this series that I'm pretty much done with it.. If it remains this stagnant I won't be buying anymore. there was enough good material in these 5 books to have made 2, possibly 3 great books but the inclusion of so much drivel and wasted characters has expanded it to really tiresome reading. Just way too much froth. It's beginning to sound juvenile and in no way written by the same person who started the series. This author is losing his audience to anger and a angry audience won't buy his work anymore. No one wants a constant let down.  Just my humble opinion.