...since writing this series in 1984.Fresh from reading the Lions of Al-Rassan (pub. 1995), the Sarantine Mosaic (pub. 1998),  and the Last Light of the Sun (pub. 2004), with their subtle plots and characters, richly crafted world and religions, I thought that Kay could do nothing wrong.  Boy, was I ever wrong.All the above qualities are glaringly absent here.Instead of subtle characters, we have 5 heroes who constantly, and at length, reflect on their FEELINGS.  Yet, they manage to carry off all that tedious introspection without ever, well, coming to life.  The contrast with George RR Martin or later Kay POV passages could not be more marked.  For example, if I was a Toronto college student, suddenly lured on false premises into a deadly war, I would be quite a bit more upset and concerned about my safety than these guys.  Though maybe not quite as much as say, a Thomas Covenant (whose lengthy self-examinations, while repetitive, also make a lot more sense).In later books, Kay will sometimes end a chapter with something like "And he suddenly realized what he had to do" and leave you reflecting on which possible decision the protagonist will choose, based on all the insight you have into his behavior and motivations.In Fionavar, these cliffhangers happen much more frequently.  Likely as not, the protagonist will then, for no reason at all, based on no information known to the reader, run off to a location not yet introduced, to do something earthshaking entirely out of the blue.  Perhaps the characters behave that way because they are destined to do so.  The role of fate, personified by the Tapestry, becomes more pronounced in the concluding book of the trilogy.  Yet, that is a subtle point and hardly justifies the inane storywriting throughout.Fionavar itself has a cliche good-vs-evil backstory, "inspired" by Tolkien and Celtic legends.  Geographically, characters zoom off from one end to the other in hours, by teleportation if necessary, to further the "plot".  The result is that you it feels more like an adventure around a big city/theme park and its surroundings than a real world, with real features and real people.  The religious aspect involves various gods frequently interacting with mortals and Rakoth Maugrim, the bad guy, makes Sauron look like an in depth character study.Everything comes off as archetypical, rather than realistic.  That might have been the intent, but did not make this series any more pleasurable for me.  I really can't say that Kay should be ashamed of it, because he has since matured into one of Fantasy's best writers.  But Fiorana was not a promising start by any means.  And no, books 2 and 3 aren't all that much better either.