If you are new to this series, a word of advice, read the first three and stop. That is where the story really ends, after that the genius dies, the author is hopelessly lot in the morass, and the readers and characters all get sucked down with him.After the first three books,everyone gradually develops a collective amnesia. They forget their own characters along with just about everything else that ever made them real or interesting. At some point in their past, they may have been motivated to seek a goal, but what it was, why they wanted it, how they were going to attain it, that has all long been lost. Instead they now wander around forever in their own little circles, bogging further and further down with each step. Probably their weariness came from having to endure hearing the entire life story and food preferences of every bit player they encounter in the story. No wait, that was me!I feel so sad writing this, because I absolutely loved George Martin's writing when i first discovered him, the "Aces" series, Fevre Dream, the first three books in the "Thrones", i devoured them and counted the days when there would be more. When "Feast" turned out to be rubbish, I thought it an aberration, I was more than ready to forgive. I believed his explanation, he had so much to say that it was hard to move it all forward. Now that I have read "Dance", I see it is actually the opposite, he has so little to say that he is compelled to add story after story and worthless detail after worthless detail in a vain attempt to find him way back. But with "Dance" I have to conclude, he is lost, the characters are lost and reading more is just trampling on their corpses.I wanted to settle in for a good long read, to savour each line and lose myself in his world, but 1000 pages of nothing was not worth the time lost out of my life. There was one momentary flash of the old storyteller, the section describing the greenseers brought hope back for a moment, but it was not to be, maybe someone else wrote that part for him. Quickly following were jarring contemporary references and constant resorts to laughably vulgar writing. This book is nowhere near Tolkien's league,  Harold Robbins and Sidney Sheldon, though, now that is the right company.