I bought Red Mars because it won the Nebula Award.  I suspect it got the award for its detailed description of Mars and its terraforming, not for its quality as a novel per se.1. Unity: Poor.  Many scenes and dialogues in the book serve no purpose.  For example, an entire chapter contains the musings of a psychologist about a personality theory that simply does not fit into the narrative.  The character is barely heard from before the chapter, and barely heard from after.2. Narration: Poor.  The book switches narrators frequently: one is from one character's point of view, the other from another's.  This makes everything disjointed and ununified.  Worse, the thoughts and feelings of each are strangely similar.  One gets all of the detriment without any of the benefit of this musical chairs narration.3. Plot structure: Poor.  There is snappy opening chapter with most the rest of the book as a flashback, but the rest has barely any structure.  Sometimes the author is merely digressing into Martian geography.  The "climax" towards the end is an excruciatingly long description of a flood.  I thought it would never end.  When it did, the novel was over.  It was disappointingly anticlimactic.4. Plausibility: Poor.  The story starts in 2026 with no account of why Earth has suddenly decided to inundate Mars with thousands of colonists and gigantic robots.  I had to force myself to believe it was starting in 2126.  The immense expense of such an operation in 2026 is completely unbelievable.  100 permanent colonists, followed a few years later by 1000?!  Within 30-40 years, there are a million people on Mars and a space elevator.  Outrageous.  Worse, there is little to no political structure to the planet: there is only anarchy.  Earth is willing to invest the majority of its GDP in a far-off planet but is indifferent about governing the people there...?5. Scientific accuracy: suspicious.  The author speaks of "degrees Kelvin."  There are no degrees in the Kelvin scale, only in Centigrade and Fahrenheit.  I learned this in high school chemistry, which Stanley-Robinson apparently never had.6. Dependencia economics: a joke.  The highly educated scientists that were the first colonists preach pure dependencia economics.  They say that rich countries (the North) stripped the poor countries (the South) of everything worthwhile they had and continue to enslave them by trade.  Big companies are too powerful and can manipulate governments.  They highjack the economy to exploit everyone but themselves.  Rank neo-Marxism and laughable.  Stanley-Robinson has never had a course in economics, I'd bet.7. Length: Poor (700 pp.).  I lost interest half-way through and finished just to be done with it.  Some passages I had to skim.