I'm going to be upfront with readers of this review, I am not a very smart girl. So many of you giving negative reviews really know your Tudors' History. Everything I know about the Tudors stems from *cringe* the television show (love it), Wikipedia, and various other websites around the internet.But even I, with my very limited knowledge of Tudors History, was seriously annoyed with the mistakes in the book - especially when you consider how self serving they were to the picture perfect main character. I have never seen ANY historian claim (even on Wiki dang it!) that Mary was the younger of the sisters. If I remember right she was actually likely the eldest of the living Boelyn children. This makes sense considering that Mary was the first presented at court and the first married. As another reviewer said her being the youngest adds nothing to the storyline so why not just get it right? I think PG was trying to make Mary as innocent as possible and being just a young teenager made her more likeable to the reader perhaps. However pretty much everything I've read about Mary agrees on the fact that she had some miles on her (classy terminology FTW) when she arrived to the English court. I think the fact that she married someone who was generally deemed below Boelyn level is proof that this is true. It's pointed out how great the Boelyn/ Howard family a million times in this book and someone as pretty as Mary was said to be would have probably fetched a husband from an even better family...unless she had a bad reputation.In PG's mind sisters are apparently polar opposites. Since Mary is blonde, sweet, and shy, Anne is dark, vile, and loud. I have to say this author really does not seem to like Miss Anne Boelyn very much. This Anne is nasty to everyone, clever but somehow incredibly stupid at the same time, thinks negatively of everyone around her, and even tries to seduce her gay brother several times (what the heck?) in the book. Also, pretty much every thing that Anne was accused of, things that most historians agree are probably false and made up so she could be executed without much argument, are true in this novel. If a person only read this book and never anyhting else about Anne Boelyn they would not have a very good image of her, when in reality Anne was said to have done lots of nice things in her short reign as Queen of England.As I said before, I am not very smart. I do not usually pick up on misogynistic language and themes - even obvious ones (Snow White anybody?)- but in this book you're practically slapped across the face with it. Mary is quiet, shy, conventionally beautiful, listens to her male handlers (for the most part) and gives into the King's sexual desires as soon as he asks. She is rewarded with beautiful children, a loving husband, and a nice quiet life in the country (because being a farmer's wife in the 16th century was easy as churning butter I guess). Anne, on the other hand, is mean, agressive, sexual (while withholding herself from the king so as not to be another used and disgraced woman), and most of all DARES to think of herself as equal to or (le gasp!) better than the men in her life. No, these behaviors would have NOT been acceptable in Tudor England from a woman, but this book was written in the 21st century by a female author, no less. A little perspective please?So yes, go ahead and tell me that maybe I'm just too dumb to understand this novel, but I think i'll stick with other adaptions that don't take such a negative veiw of poor Anne.