When I began reading Tom Clancy's books I was enthralled with the author's exciting plots- my summers were usually devoted to reading and re-reading his books as I'd imagine myself in the thick of the action. Since Clancy  wrote 1991's &quot;The Sum Of All Fears&quot;, his books have become  longer, duller and less interesting. I found &quot;Executive Orders&quot;  to be his worst work to date.  The slow meandering plot is pretty hard  to follow- not because it's so complicated. It's not. The problem is that  the plot takes so much time getting going that you lose interest as Clancy  positions the pieces one-by-one. The actual plot is pretty derivative of  all of Clancy's other books, so the ending isn't much of a surprise. The  most basic problem with Clancy's work is in his characters. Clancy  obviously envisions Ryan to be a blue-collar everyman, just one that  slipped into the White House through extraordinary circumstances. Much is  made by the author of his hero's status as an &quot;independent&quot;. It's  too bad that Ryan comes across, consistently, as a doctrinaire,  by-the-numbers, straight out of the pages of The National Review,  conservative. Clancy, who has always been injecting his right-of-center  politics into his books (though more obviously and stridently of late),  puts his politics out in front here. &quot;Executive Orders&quot; is more  politics than policy. Clancy is on his soapbox and the plot too often gets  shuffled to the back for President Ryan to give some loopy tirade about  liberal &quot;special interests&quot; (and there aren't conservative  ones?). First clue that non-conservatives won't be given equal time: the  book is dedicated to Ronald Reagan, who &quot;won the Cold War&quot;  according to Clancy. Give me a break. Too bad Clancy couldn't have made his  case without his hero's preachy speeches. After hearing Ryan's 1,314th  speech informing another character he &quot;is not a politician!&quot; the  reader will want to yell back: &quot;Then shut up already!&quot; The  character of Jack Ryan has always been a difficult one to judge- heroic by  far in Clancy's other novels, Ryan makes the transition from preachy,  sanctimonious hero to preachy, sanctimonious jerk in this novel. A Tom  Clancy novel hits you hard and fast and the action takes your breath away,  but when the plot slows down and we try to get character moments they  sometimes seem painfully forced. Clancy characters are written like post-it  notes: this is the Good Guy who is a conservative/soldier/CIA analyst, etc.  This is the Bad Guy/Girl who is a liberal/Russian spy/terrorist/feminist,  etc. Can you really tell me how much different the characters of Jack Ryan  and John Clark are from one another, aside from their names and character  histories? Not a whole heck of a lot. I'm sure Clancy thinks he's giving  America the kind of leader (read: conservative) they want in this book, but  Ryan comes across as a breezy, &quot;I'm-doing-the-right-thing and people  will see that&quot; conservative whose politics and style bear a striking  resemblance to Newt Gingrich. The old Goldwater-for-President slogan  &quot;In your heart you know he's right&quot;, is a favorite dream of  conservatives and Clancy relies on it here. Why does the subplot with the  &quot;mountain men&quot; militia group fizzle out so spectacularly?  Probably because Clancy can't bring himself to make people whose political  viewpoint he sympathizes with the bad guys.  In the end the reader  will sigh with relief when he or she finishes this monstrosity. I did. My  advice to you, don't even pick this one up.