I've edited my review to 1 star. This is an improvement over Feast of Crows. I've also seen it compared to Jordan's Crossroads of Twilight. I don't believe it's anywhere near as bad as that. That being said it's not good.Good things:One. Pacing. Feast suffered from pacing issues. I think this was caused by the splitting of the novel. Since everything that happened focused for the most part around King's Landing it didn't have the feel that previous novels had. Martin is a genius at leaving you on the edge of your seat. You're reading about Tyrion and the end of the chapter gets there and cliffhanger, and you're in a Jon chapter and although you love Jon you want to know what happened to Tyrion. Then he pulls you into Jon. Then Jon cliffhangers and it's an Arya chapter. Feast was missing that but Dance has it back.Two. Everybody is back. There aren't many chapters but there are Jaime and Cersei chapters. There's no getting to the end of the book and not having at least checked in on your favorites.Three. Style. Martin is still a good writer, no question. He has been and remains a master of the written word. Period.Indifferent thing:It ends with cliffhangers and no plots are tied off. Well it's part of a series. Plot was moved forward in this book make no mistake. Nothing was wrapped up but I won't complain about that for another two books. It is what it is.Bad things:One. Introduction of a major new character. One that was not foreshadowed, set up, or honestly needed. New characters are fine. Not pivotal ones. We should have a full cast at this point. Because one of two things will happen. Martin will kill him so what was the point. Two he becomes a major part of end story resolution so why didn't we have him sooner. It's sloppy story telling.Two. Introduction of pointless minor characters. We get introduced to some new points of view. Some were characters we have seen before just never followed from a POV. One in particular was brand new. One was killed and I didn't care. It was a throw away character. Martin never made me truly care for him so there wasn't the shock I had with Eddard's execution or the Red Wedding. Since Martin doesn't have a problem killing characters I wasn't even shocked that he died. Just mildly surprised because it was sloppily done and not what I would expect from Martin.Three. Daenerys and Tyrion. Two of my favorite characters who were always guaranteed to entertain sucked. Tyrion wasn't Tyrion. Yeah he's dealing with some stuff but when hasn't he. It wasn't the same character from the first three books. Daenerys... The one character who had a clarity of purpose and action at all times didn't throughout the whole book. "you must go back to go forward." I read that and cringed. Eleven years man. The Daenerys storyline doesn't need moved back. Nothing needs moved back.Four. Too familiar plot tricks. Another Stark doesn't listen to his wolf. Tyrion's wisecracks get him hit again... and again... and again...Five. Stupid tricks. Not using the characters name in the chapter title but a description. For instance a Selmy chapter marked as Queen's Hand. He does it alot and it gets annoying. You'll see.So eleven years, countless broken promises, missed deadlines, and half a novel for this. It's not as bad as Crossroads of Twilight but Jordan didn't take eleven years to write it. Plus I've edited my review to one because the number of lackluster 5 star reviews that use similar wording and seem fishy.....