Warning! These books are hypnotically attractive. The cover art is outstanding: excellent artwork for each, red motif for RED MARS, green motif for GREEN MARS, blue motif for BLUE MARS. At least BLUE MARS was a bestseller, and all three won prestigious awards. RED MARS won a Nebula for best novel, and GREEN MARS and BLUE MARS each won a Hugo for best novel. It is tempting to buy the whole set, which I did.And which I regret.The books have good parts, but you can get good parts in other books without having to wade through sludge. If you want to teach readers about Mars, write a book of nonfiction. If you want to write a story and take readers to places that cannot be reached in reality, then write fiction that is easy to read.These books have too much detail. The author elaborates too much. Many long paragraphs are tedious. Here is one from RED MARS:"Now she could wander in the dim ruby light of sunset, her old jazz collection piped from the habitat stereo into her helmet headphones, as she rooted in supply boxes and picked out any tool she wanted. She would carry them back to a small room she had commandeered in one of the storage warehouses, whistling along with King Oliver's Creole Jazz Band, adding to a collection that included, among other items, an Allen wrench set, some pliers, a power drill, several clamps, some hacksaws, an impact-wrench set, a brace of cold-tolerant bungie cords, assorted files and rasps and planes, a crescent-wrench set, a crimper, five hammers, some hemostats, three hydraulic jacks, a bellows, several sets of screwdrivers, drills and bits, a portable compressed gas cylinder, a box of plastic explosives and shape charges, a tape measure, a giant Swiss Army knife, tin snips, tongs, tweezers, three vises, a wire stripper, X-acto knives, a pick, a bunch of mallets, a nut driver set, hose clamps, a set of end mills, a set of jeweler's screwdrivers, a magnifying glass, all kinds of tape, a plumber's bob and ream, a sewing kit, scissors, sieves, a lathe, levels of all sizes, long-nosed pliers, vise-grip pliers, a tap-and-die set, three shovels, a compressor, a generator, a welding-and-cut set, a wheelbarrow--and so on."This is the worst paragraph I could find, but it should help you to understand what I mean when I say these books are not easy to read.