I waited eleven years for some of these characters, between A Storm of Swords and this novel, after the horrific mistake of removing half of the character stories from A Feast for Crows. Although I don't think that Crows was as bad as the average fan says, it suffered from pacing issues and having too few characters on which to focus. I would imagine even George recognizes now what an insipid idea it was to change the format of the series, mid way through. That isn't done for a reason, and we saw why; it didn't work, and the fans hated it.So fast forward to the long awaited Dance with Dragons. GRRM spent a third of the book trying to rush us up to speed. The book required a brief intro from GRRM attempting to explain the format. Again, why was the split ever made?Dragons was rubbish. I mean, garbage. From the overuse of certain words (poor editing), to the incessant pointlessness of whole story lines (again, where is the editor?), to the destroying of Tyrion as the series's most interesting character (I didn't think that possible), down to the cesspool that is Daenerys' chapters. Why does she even exist any more?I'm also not sure why Sansa, Brienne and Samwell weren't in this book, and yet Quentyn Martell had endless pages of nothingness devoted to his vapid existence. We follow his painfully dull journey from one continent to the other.. and he dies. And the world is impacted in no way. Again, what was the point? His existence did not move the story forward one bit. And what was with the endless torture of Theon, turning him into a disgusting, deformed creature that we feel empathy for? An odd turn I thought. But far less objectionable than much of the rest of the book.I think the first three books in the series were brilliant. The fourth is slower, yes, but perhaps the best written. The war had ended, and many fans were expecting more action, but it's an examination of the hell that wars creates. It's a thoughtful piece, and I've read it twice, enjoying it both times.Dance? Dance is just horrid. I struggled to finish it, and will never go near it again. Eleven years is a long time for any author, and GRRM clearly is having difficulty keeping everything together. By his own admission, the series was only supposed to be three novels, and this world that he created twenty years ago is now far larger and more unwieldy than he ever intended.And it shows.