What started out as a seemingly great new epic fantasy more than 10 years ago now has become something akin to the Star Wars prequels. Just an unmitigated disaster. The series did have problems from the start but they were originally outweighed by the positives: GRR Martin's writing ability and his imagination. Sadly, slowly the problems have overcome anything that was once good about this story.The story has many different points of view that change, disappear, and reappear as the story churns ever on. There is plenty of smut and people can die in sudden twists (and then magically come back! yipee!). That is the same way a soap opera works. Grr Martin is a good writer though. By the middle of this book, Grr Martin's good writing is a dead horse and the soap opera has been beating it all night and all morning (imagine a morning that lasts several days - oh wow man). The horse is just basically a red smear on the ground. The Dany chapters literally vomit out a never ending list of bizarre names and forgettable characters. Does anyone truly feel like they know these characters beyond a sorta pikachu card like depth? While this list of characters scrolls through, instead of feeling as if this is part of some grand story we feel confined to a small and boring court. While on the other hand, every freaking meal is described in detail. The sex scenes are creepy smut from a man who is not experienced with women. Asha is so hollywood badgirrrl it makes me want to puke. What a boring and flat character. Not to mention completely useless. Some characters have shown some growth which is quite the feat for just a couple thousand pages! Sansa learned how to care about others and scheme. Oh but she disappeared a couple books ago I think... Oh well! Bring in the tough bad girrrls! Yeah, she's got a double bladed axe and knows how to use it! She acts like the women in Martin's favorite pornos! His dream come true. And talk about hollywood, how about the endless it's-a-small-world-after-all moments Tyrion has as he meets other characters by chance? And another 'did that character really die?' cliffhanger. Wow, really treading some new ground there. Maybe The Bold and The Beautiful is looking for new writers?Another battle of good vs evil within Grr Martin's story is between his colorful imagination and his stupid ideas. One of the original, oh-wow-man's was the seasons lasting several years. A year is really the time for one cycle through the seasons so this sorta inside out nonsensical idea where our year, which does not fit in this fantasy world, is applied to their passing of time is just kinda cross-eyed dumb and silly. But whatever, the way it affects the fantasy is interesting and the color of the imagined is more than the stupidity of the idea. But the ideas jumped the shark with the unsullied as has been pointed out by others. Super Darwin eunuch fighters that can't feel anything (sardaukar/spartan/janissaries smashed together sans manhoods plus numbness - just look at that and consider it). Wow, I dunno about you but I'm terrified. To be honest, I've always imagined these guys as comical so when the Sons of the Harpy get them... I. Don't. Care. But in this book, there aren't that many new ideas. Warging is when people can control animals and is explored more. I wonder where that is going? Hmmm. Tree humpers (aka greenseers) are very rare people that can hump trees and see the past. So kewl! What a climax to Bran's story! Like the Force coming from intracellular bacteria!Add to all this some thrown in lines from Monty Python's like "fart in your general direction" for good measure and you have a big time hit! Maybe Grr himself sees the whole series as a big stupid joke at this point? He doesn't really seem to care. Whatever, you'll buy it. Rated Arg for Pirate, f you.