I wanted to like this book. I really did. I love epic literature and, having recently fallen in love with hard sci-fi, I thought I'd love this, too. After all, it's an epic and it's hard sci-fi. It also won a Nebula award and was nominated for other prestigious awards. How could I possibly go wrong with that? Well, go wrong I did, and here's how:To begin, this book isn't really science fiction. It's like a work of regular fiction crossed with a science textbook about Mars and it doesn't do either very well. Anyone reading this review who hasn't read the book is probably scratching his head trying to figure out what I mean by that, but if you've ever read any other sci-fi, after you read this, you'll know what I'm talking about. The plot moves at a glacial pace and Robinson takes a paragraph to describe what could be adequately described in one sentence. About a third of the way through, when Robinson took a whole paragraph to describe someone screwing in a bolt, I put the book down and haven't picked it up since.I didn't get far enough into the book to get to any of the politics, but I know from reading reviews that the leader of the pro-corporate faction, Phyllis Boyle, was also an intolerant born-again Christian with an abrasive personality who was disliked by everyone else. This is predictably hackneyed, but perhaps not surprising, since out on the left coast where Robinson is from, it's a not uncommon belief that us rubes here in the hinterland spend all of our spare time handling snakes at tent revivals and voting against Democrats because we hate non-whites and gays and would rather be enslaved by Wal-Mart than see any of them get a fair chance in life.Then, there was the head of the Russian contingent, Maya Toitovna. In the real world, such a histrionic floozy as her would never get anywhere near a mission such as this, let alone be put in a major position of authority within it. In fact, most of the characters were so thoroughly annoying that by the time I finally put the book down, I was hoping that some grotesque form of alien life would show up and kill and eat them.All in all, I'm glad I checked this piece of hack trash out from the library and didn't pay any money for it. It's sad that this, along with the other books in the Mars series, have taken the place of the best-known and most extensive work on the colonization and terraforming of Mars, as it's an epic subject and it deserves so much better.If you're new to Sci-Fi and want to wet your feet, avoid this and check out something by Arthur C. Clarke. He's a master of the genre and hisCollected Storieswould be an ideal tome for you to cut your teeth on. Hell, evensomething by Lionel Fanthorpewould be better than this. His writing is at least bad enough to be entertaining and he at least steers clear of politics.