So, like most here, I'm a big GRRM fan.  We all loved books 1-3.  Feast left us a little... disenchanted.  But we told ourselves, "hey, no worries.  It's just a buildup to major events in book 5!  Martin is way too good of a writer to put us through that dreadful slump that many epic fantasy series go through once they extend past a trilogy".  And then we read Dance.  Hachi machi...  Allow me to tantalize you with a few highlights (mild SPOILER alert)- Jon and the Wall:  Gotta love Jon right?  The classic underdog, now assuming his rightful role as a leader and a hero.  He must have a compelling story to tell in this book. Right?  Wrongo.  Consider the Wall.  It's a fantasy writer's dream.  You've got a hoard of mysterious Wildings to work with.  You've got giants.  Skinchangers.  Mammoths, dire wolves, giant boars.  You've got an enigmatic red sorceress now.  Greenseers and three-eyed crows.  Real honest-to-goodness magic!  Dudes who love talking about how big their members are.  And to top it all off, you've got an army of frozen freaking zombies coming!  What does it all add up to?  The most boring location in the book, that's what.  How?  Because not a damn thing happens.  Jon dicks around chapter after chapter, accomplishing in 10 chapters what could've been covered in 2.  Labored reading doesn't begin to cover it.  Worst chapter:  Jon stands around for 15 or so pages and watches 3000 wilding walk past him.  That's it.  Compelling stuff.- Dany: How do you covert one of the most popular characters in the series into one the reader can't stand?  Simple.  Turn her into a whining, simpering girl who can barely decide what clothes to put on in the morning.  Yes, we get that she's still a young girl who is inexperienced (to some extent) with leadership.  But come on... She's commanded a hoard of bloodthirsty barbarian warriors, owns and controls THREE fire breathing dragons, has conquered at least 2 cities, is apparently impervious to fire yet still easy on the eyes, has the blood of ancient royalty running through her veins, and earned the loyalty of thousands of people who barely know her.  I think that gives her enough confidence to not turn into a love stricken teenager for some tool of a mercenary captain, and instead get on with her war.  Worst chapter:  Dany walks through fields and fields of grass, eating berries and getting bit by ants while she thinks.  Her concluding chapter, by the way.  Awesome reading.- Arya's chapters: Unreadable.  I don't care about her training.  It's so damn boring I can't stand it.  Get her the hell out of there and back to Westeros pronto, comprende?- Unnecessary tertiary characters: Enough already.  Focus on the characters you have.  They're good, work with them.  Maybe add one or two.  But I really don't need to read about 10 more random lords or forgotten sons.  Get on with it.- Repeated terminology:  GRRM is somewhat guilty of this throughout the series, but cranks it up a notch in Dance.  Did he get a dictionary of obscure medieval terms and just fall in love with a few?  If I have to read about "nightsoil" or "leal servants" anymore, I might just declare this book "as useless as nipples on a breastplate".  I mean, I know "words are wind", and "if I look behind I'm lost", but how many words can you rhyme with Reek?  Maybe I'm just being a being a "butt boy" here.- And of course, the plodding pace.  Yikes.  I thought Ice and Fire would escape this, but it's falling into the same trap as so many fantasy series - Wheel of Time comes to mind - where the pace slows considerably, more and more characters are added, and you become less enthusiastic with each book.  Even in the worst of Wheel of Time books (and they were freaking bad, don't let anyone fool you), there was always some kind of payoff in the end: a big battle, a major magical undertaking... something.  Here we get... squat.  Maybe it's juvenile to expect some action scenes in the book, and if so then I'm certainly guilty, but damn did this lack the balls of the first 3 books.  Deepwood Motte?  That's the best battle scene you can give me?  Inexcusable.  It hasn't quite reached Jordanian level, where an entire chapter can be consumed with 3 women arguing over dresses and the type of tea to feed a pregnant woman... but it's pretty damn close.To be fair, parts were still interesting.  I kind of liked Reek.  Tyrion is amusing as always.  But when Cersei's chapters are more interesting than Jon or Dany's combined, something has gone awry in Westeros.