The last time I read Clive Cussler was around twenty years ago, and the experience had not exactly had me wanting to read more.  Time, however, dulls the memory, and I'm a different reader than I once was.  When I had the opportunity to read Sahara, therefore, I was hopeful that the reading experience would be pleasant; alas, such hopes were to be crushed.  Sahara is not a good book, and reading it, I wonder exactly what makes Cussler such a popular author; maybe it's his exotic locales and his almost non-stop action; it certain isn't his ability to write.Sahara begins with a pair of prologues, the first dealing with a Confederate warship disappearing at the end of the Civil War, the second focusing on a female pilot crashing in the Sahara back in the 1930s.  We then go to modern times, where Dirk Pitt is called in to investigate a toxic waste runoff that threatens a biological catastrophe that could kill all humanity.  Standing in his way is an evil dictator in Mali who is almost cartoonish in his cruelty and an equally vicious billionaire.  Pitt's adventures will lead him throughout the Sahara in a series of adventures that bring him closer to the truth while battling soldiers and the hostile desert.What about the prologue material?  It turns out to have almost nothing to do with the main story.  The crashed plane is a mere plot device to rescue characters at an opportune moment, and the lost ship contributes even less, only really reappearing in something of an epilogue, in which we get some ludicrous distortion of history.  In literary terms, one is a deus ex machina, the other a non sequitir, and any time either one of these appears in a story, it is a substantial weakness.  With both, you have truly bad writing.The characters themselves are stiff and generally one-dimensional.  The villains are laughable clich&eacute;s and many of the heroes are little better, and between pure good and pure evil there is a Sahara of sorts with no one to be found.  Then there is Dirk Pitt.  A godlike man who never flinches from danger and always prevails.  Even when we are not seeing him beat the odds, we are having other characters praise him.There is enough cheesy dialogue to open a deli, but on the plus side, Cussler does have a decent (though not great) ability to describe settings, and his action sequences are often interesting if not really exciting.  Unfortunately, the chief virtue in this book is to make other books seem better in comparison.  For those who think I'm being overly hostile, read the far superior adventure stories of authors such as Wilbur Smith, Ken Follett or even Jon Land.  There are better authors out there; if Sahara is typical Clive Cussler, I strongly recommend skipping his books and going elsewhere.