I enjoy stories about past lives. I love good historical novels. I have some first hand experience with hypnotic regression. I usually love novels written 20-30 years ago. But not this one. It managed to annoy me on many levels.One could excuse the repeated violent rape scenes, including one perpetrated by the hero, as being characteristic of the 1980s when this book was written, as that was a time before women had finally figured out that a man who says "I love you" and then perpetrates a violent rape belongs in prison, not in your bed.One might even excuse as characteristic of the 1980s is the fact that all the protagonists in the story behave like alcoholics, downing what we now would consider volumes of drink that would be diagnosed as binge drinking in just about every scene set in the present.But one one cannot excuse the ridiculous way in which hypnosis and past life regression are presented in this story and the silly way that everyone including supposed medical professionals encourage what would be in real life a psychotic reaction in the heroine.The heroine herself is Too Stupid to Live--the classic dumb heroine who, when warned not to go down into the darkened basement while a killer is on the loose and the power is out, always goes into the basement. If you enjoy that kind of story you'll love this one. If you like your heroine to be slightly brighter than a guinea pig, save your 99 cents and download something else.The worst part of this book is that the writer has enough of a command of style to get you reading this bloated, endlessly long book. So that it isn't until you've gotten more than half way through that you realize just how stupid the plotting is. If you keep reading after that you are rewarded with a completely unbelievable and emotionally unsatisfied ending.Further complaints: The book claims that the history that lies behind the endlessly dull past-life story is well-researched, but any author who puts bubonic plague into a story set in the last decades of the 1100s has NOT done their research. Even in the days before Google mildly educated people knew that the plague first appeared in Europe in 1348.If the book had swept me into an emotionally moving story I would have easily overlooked the innaccuracies, but the emotional interaction between the main characters is wooden and we never get into their heads or feel their reactions, both in the story set in the present and the one in the past. Both are static, with no character undergoing a hint of growth anywhere. The characters are the same on at the end (which felt like page 9000 by the time I got there) as they were in Chapter 1. How this book got to be a bestseller in a world that produced Outlander a few years later is beyond me.Perhaps you had to read it in 1985 to love it, since there do seem to be many readers who did. But reading it in 2012, I certainly didn't. Between the rape scenes and the endless boring interactions between dull English people living what must have been considered a glamorous life in the mid-1980s this book struck me as one that should have remained a fond memory.