I got the Audible version of this book because I was curious about its incredible popularity and wanted to see what I was missing. Having finished, I'm mystified about the huge number of five-star reviews.I don't know much about circuses so I can't comment on the quality of the author's research efforts, although I see other reviewers have pointed out shortcomings. What jumps at me, however, are the one-dimensional characters and overly contrived nature of key plot points.It's never easy for an author to pull off a first-person narrative from the vantage point of the opposite gender, and I wish Sara Gruen hadn't tried to speak through a male character. It seemed fine in the parts where he was speaking as a 90-something, but the young-man version fell flat. Often during the romantic and erotic interludes I found myself thinking Jacob sounded way too feminine.August, the primary villain, was way too over-the-top: animal abuser, wife beater, paranoid schizophrenic (so labeled by August, the main boss), etc. Why is he even part of the circus. I think the author should have established some merits, enough to justify employing him. Of course August, the owner, is just as one-dimensionally rotten, so perhaps no merit was needed.I was also appalled at the self-centered irresponsible behavior on the part of Jacob, the so-called hero, who seemed quite willing to indulge his own "love" needs completely mindless of the horrific consequences likely to result for his friends. I don't want to go into detail which would force too many spoilers. Suffice it to say that I strongly believe that Jacob, the narrator and main character, absolutely positively does NOT deserve the long and largely happy life he'll eventually get to lead. It's one thing to care about animals and less fortunate humans. That test, Jacob passes with flying colors. But when it comes to moderating one's own urges and balancing them against the well-being of others (all others close to you, not just Marlena, the love interest), Jacob gets a huge F-.