"Passenger to Frankfurt" is quite possibly the worse book I ever finished. I've read worse books that I gave up on in frustration but this had Agatha Christie's name on it. She was a great writer. I love her stuff. Agatha wouldn't let me down. Wow was I wrong.Set in the 1960's this is a serious departure from her usual drawing room mysteries. Stafford Nye, a man working from Britain's Foreign office is approached by a woman in need of help at Frankfurt airport. After helping her out he is determined to meet her again and is rewarded by being indoctrinated into a secret government clique trying to find out about secret organization that seems to be behind the youth movement, taking flower power to anarchical violence. So far so good. Agatha is dipping into the world of James bond you think, but then it all goes wrong and I mean ALL.Stafford is quickly taken to the alpine schloss of Charlotte a grossly fat woman who is a major player in the movement but the schloss, followers etc falling into a Wagnerian/neo-Nazi theme seems more like a Bond movie villain, gross and over the top and you have no idea how she is a `hidden' leader since everyone knows about her. From there Stafford drops out of the picture as the reader is given the insight to various government cabinet meetings by way of plot exposition which says the world is going to hell in a hand basket as the youth movement is unifying countries, destroying airports etc etc. and yet old ladies easily travel about Europe oblivious to all this.Individual scenes hold up. Christie can write dialogue and set things out but the connection between the scenes, the development of the plot, they are not `bad' they are non-existent. Imagine watching a James Bond film and half way through, you stop following Bond and the entire film is then seen from Miss Moneypenny's desk and you will have a reasonable idea of what a frustrating mess this is.At first you think maybe it was Dame Agatha making a comment on the `hippies' of the 60's she didn't understand but this soon slips by the boards and by the last page you realize there isn't an end. You have no resolution or even an understanding if there was a resolution off stage. It's as if there were *many* other chapters but Christie forgot to send them to the printer.In the end this is a mess, a waste of time and money and talent that should never have seen the light of day. An early departure from her usual style as she steps into the world of Ian Fleming starts out well but half way through it completely falls apart. If you love mysteries, if you love spy stories, if you love Agatha Christie if you love the freaking spoken word-stay the hell away from this mess!