Yes, that's not a typo.  Clancy has written a book with over 1,300 pages.  And so it should come as no surprise that I found the story slow. I mean, how many fast paced 1,300-paged books do you know of? And I do mean SLOW.  For those new to the Ryan story to date:  ex-CIA action hero turned cabinet  member turned VP is now president after the prior president is killed in a  suicide bombing run at the end of  Debt of Honor.  Not just the president,  but also just about every other high ranking politico in DC. (Is Clancy  hinting something here?).  Ryan becomes president and must show the  doubters (and those evil media types) that he is a big man and can do the  job.  Of course, Clancy tries not to stray from his reputation as a  techo-guru and so he includes discussions on the investigation into the  terrorist attack as well as a superficially indepth look at militia life (a  group of militia folk decide to go after the President).Since his early  stories, Ryan has become increasingly unlikeable as a character.  He will  occassionally spout off on rhetoric and make long-winded proclamations on  everything from the Russians, so-called &quot;liberals,&quot; femanists, to  the role of women and the media.  This books seems to read like Clancy's  own manifesto, a book where the author injects his own beliefs into the  main character without bothering to be objective.  People who disagree with  these views or Ryan are depicted as the bad guys.  Ryan, it seems, never  makes a mistake: he just has tough choices to make the results of which can  cause the loss of lives.Clancy creates too many subplots and does  surprisingly short shrift with each of them.  This is strange after he has  spent hundreds of pages developing each subplot.  A story about a rival  politician is taken care of in quick order near the end of the book in a  nice, neat package.  Other subplots (a militia group and terrorist group  try to take advantage of the new president) also reach anticlimatic, and  unbelievable, conclusions. (i don't want to give a spoiler, but Ryan  actually orders a military operation to occur at the same time he is live  with a U.S. nation: kinda like a &quot;look, don't mess with us, we are  serious, see what we are doing right this very  second?&quot;Unfortunately, the long journey to the end of the book is  not worth it.  What Clancy needs is an editor, someone who will tell the  guy to cut down his writing.  To get on with it.  And to remember that what  made his earlier books popular was his plot and storylines.  And, of  course, someone should ask Clancy to get off his soapbox.