The Queen's Secret is about Katherine of Valois who married Henry V and was the mother of Henry VI. When Henry V dies, Katherine is at first devastated. Her one year old son is now King of England and she fears that he will be taken away and raised by others. Her fears are well-founded and, in despair, she turns to Owen Tudor, her Clerk of the Wardrobe, for comfort. Eventually they fall in love but a queen isn't allowed to love where she will. They marry in secret and the rest of the book is about them trying to keep their relationship a secret.This book is so repetitive and badly written. Katherine will narrate that something has happened. Then she will go and tell Owen that it happened. Then twenty pages later, they will repeat their conversation. Seriously. I was on page 264 and Owen and Katherine had a conversation that rehashed everything that had previously happened in the book. And, if Katherine is worried about something, you get to read about it again and again and again and again. She worries about her son getting taken away. So she talks to her nurse, then Owen, then a random person. There isn't any new information in these conversations either. You just get beaten over the head with her feelings. I thought she would be an interesting character. Instead Plaidy makes her seem like a whiny, helpless, creature who magically forgets the world when pregnant (this isn't an unfounded accusation, she is pregnant five times in the book and mentions at least twice that, while pregnant, the world's events don't seem very important to her). This really may be attributing too much characterization to her because I cared about none of the people in this book. The dialogue is like a bad romance novel. I think the average sentence is about five words long. Is is all so awkward and stilted. This is a fascinating time in history. Henry V actually conquers France, then suddenly dies before he fully consolidates power. He leaves his two brothers in charge while his infant son grows up. Joan of Arc then rises up to save France from the English. And yet, reading this book I was either bored to tears or frustrated enough to throw it against a wall.One final complaint. Ellipses are not substitutes for commas! Jean Plaidy apparently never learned that. In a random sampling of four pages, I counted 14 ellipses. It is...ridiculous...and distracting...and completely inappropriate punctuation.Really I recommend reading anything other than this book. Save your money and your time and get something different. Edith Pargeter wrote a novel called A Bloody Field by Shrewsbury that is about Henry IV and Henry V when he is young. It is an excellent book. Read that instead.