I realized they are just reselling the same bloated mess that was WoT in a different format, hyperextended for maximum cash. This isn't art folks. If you think it is I am here to tell you that you have been duped. Yeah, Robert Jordan could have been the new Tolkien. Instead he died with people thinking he was a shill. The same is going to be said here like it or not.Martin has lost the ability to write a decent story over the two decades I guess it takes to complete what, more than likely in the author's original plans, was a proper 3 or 4 book series in total. DoD is nothing more than a plodding mid-tier adventure that leaves more loose ends than it solves. Sound familiar?I bet WoT could have made a 10 book series if Jordan was an actual artist with conviction. I'm tempted to say WoT had the best original plans, a midway point between Tolkien and Martin, but RJ really flew the coop. Martin hasn't quite arrived in nutterville but he might as well be a couple minutes from town at this point.This is what happens, folks: your original, and more than probably excellent, plan for the trilogy (LOL) is force fed a bunch of 'corporate corn' for weeks. Hell, years even.... and then the trilogy simply can't cover the world building and character killing. Well, oh well right? OH NO. Now we are writing seriously and seriousness demands thousands of pages that don't have any connection to the original story but to prolong it. And then the side stories become part of the main story. And then.... barf.The printers start printing money....My advice is: don't ever get into these 'novels'. Ever. They are just another crack addiction that goes awry. I honestly don't even care that I have never finished this or the Wheel of Time. I probably will not ever pick them up again. That is exactly how much these authors have erased my memory of the good times I used to have with them. Horrible.I am also here to tell exactly how these writers function. They are not great writers, for they fear the ending of their 'baby'. Great writers continue on through their best work and keep doing other things, they keep innovating on their own style or they stop writing. Well, he may have stopped writing for a bit I don't really know, but what I do know is that Martin is now in full on 'Soap Opera' mode just like Jordan turned to around book 6 of WoT. This means he is simply wanking away whatever comes to mind at this point while following a loose structure. And while Jordan's work got him through book 6, some say to book 9, before people started to question what was going on, Martin has the detractors firmly in tow after Book 4. That isn't a good sign.And I HIGHLY doubt Martin keeps as much information about storylines as Jordan did.... meaning this will be an even bigger mess than WoT unless they can get a really good editor in here. For those that do enjoy this stuff great. No problem have a good time. But after being burned by WoT MAJORLY, I don't step into these time sinks lightly. And this one has way too many parallels to WoT. Not only that, he is running out of decent characters to kill and his world building is still second tier behind Jordan and Tolkien. I like his dialogue more often than not but I cannot support these guys who just don't have the vision required to complete their sagas in a proper timeframe WITHOUT all the egregious fat and gristle.