A friend recommended this to me, saying, "Really amazing suspsense/thriller about a man whose girlfriend is killed so he goes on a vengeance spree to avenge her death and kill the drug dealers involved."By that description, this sounded really promising.  Who doesn't love a good vengeance tale?  And killing off the scum of the earth?  Even better.  I was really shocked when I hated this book...and I don't mean "disliked", I really HATED this book.  Sorry Tom Clancy, I'm sure you're someone I'd love to have a beer with in real life and you've written some great novels, but this just isn't one of them.Just about every negative review mentions the overlong sequence about Clancy's character building a silencer for his gun.  Yes, that was tedious to read even for someone who loves guns.  The other group of negative reviewers are the liberal types who find vengeance stories appalling anyway.  However, what was more tedious to me was reading about some self-important idiot picking up a hooker off the street, falling in love with her, and nursing her, and then attempting vengeance for her after a romance not even remotely believable.I've known men who have this fantasy...and that fantasy is to find a weak, beautiful woman who will do whatever the hell he wants her to do and will shut up.  They're also the type that insist on marrying foreign women (I have to laugh when their foreign wife makes American friends, watches American TV, etc. and becomes exactly what they always hated anyway).  If you've ever hung out with one of these un-gentlemen, then you know EXACTLY the type I'm talking about and you know Kelly is exactly this type.  Kelly's girlfriend is completely one-dimensional.  No personality whatsoever...but probably plenty of venereal diseases if you're into that kind of thing, I guess.  Kelly seems to be one of those guys who hate women and really, really hate women with any intelligence whatsoever.  I've never read a character quite so flat as Pam, Kelly's hooker-turned-girlfriend.  She's not a gal you could take out for coffee and the best conversation of your life.The whore just ends up getting them in more trouble, of course.  I don't think it is a spoiler to say she is killed, but here is where the story falls completely flat.  In order for the whole vengeance scenerio to work out - we, the reader, actually have to CARE that the character was killed.  Pardon me for being crass enough to say that I just don't care about dead, previously drug-addicted hookers with no personalities who are taken in by some guy who talks down to them as if they are five.  When Pam, Kelly's girlfriend, finally bites the big one, there is no sadness in it.  Kelly's wife had died 6 months prior...and instead of mourning her like a gentleman, we find out he is cavorting with hookers throughout that six months and then picked up this other piece of trash by the side of the road.Clancy wrongfully assumes we're going to believe a vengeance scenerio where a man goes on a killing spree over a whore he treated like a piece of furniture, anyway.  Maybe if it was his dead WIFE rather than the hooker, the story would have had some meaning behind it, held some water.  Instead, the premise is set up and I just found myself caring less and less the deeper I got into this book, the torture scenes, etc.  If you're going to make someone seek vengeance quite the way Kelly does, you'd better make it fully, 100% believable and justified.  In this case, there was nothing. Seriously?  Clancy?  Is that the best you could do?  Why not his wife?  His daughter?  His sister?  There has to be SOME personal connection to your cause to carry a plot like this out and there is NONE!  It has to be a cause that the reader can connect with, as well.  It's got to make your blood boil just READING about it...but alas, a whore - who CHOSE her lifestyle, CHOSE to use drugs, and CHOSE to be a waste of space.  That's who you choose as our flaming cross?  Then you can't even show why she's worth it?  I just didn't find it believable, at all, and I like reading about men of noble character and strength - the type of men you won't find cavorting with hookers shamelessly.  Read something by James Alexander Thom who writes more about the true character of a hero without traversing through cess pools of society caused by people who chose to live that lifestyle.