At about 900 reviews to date of A Dance With Dragons I doubt my humble review will either encourage or discourage anyone from reading this book.  However, I feel the need to throw my hat into the ring.I HAVE read and reread the previous 4 books in this series.  This will come as no surprise but I thoroughly enjoyed the first 3 books.  In fact as a reader of fantasy, I felt Mr. Martin brought a whole new dimension to the genre.  He had a way of making us look at people and their motivations in a whole new light - I always felt that there was a bitter truth to his writing - that even though it was fantasy it was very much real - yes there are people who are truly good and are not motivated by selfish interests, but by the interest and betterment of others - but there are many who are selfish, willing to win at all costs, and will do anything no matter how ugly to achieve their goals.  IMHO no one could write those kinds of characters and situations like GRRM.  Sadly, in A Feast for Crows that began to change (I believe I gave that book 3 stars with a wait a see about what was supposed to be forthcoming A Dance With Dragons.Forward to 2011 and A Dance With Dragons has arrived.  Unfortunately, I found it to be a major disappointment.  It has a even slower pace (who would have thought that possible) than AFfC and my most beloved characters have taken a giant leap backward in their personal development.  To all the 5 star reviewers I respect that it  is a matter of personal opinion.  I wish I could have loved this book as much as many of you do, unfortunately, I do not.  Why?  Well here are several of my reasons:Possible Spoilers (I don't think so, but .....)Tyrion:  probably my favorite surviving character up to this point (others I cared about had already fallen by the wayside unless strangly resurrected in this book - I am not even going to go there . . .).  He has always been a strong character, great at plotting and schemes, surviving against overwhelming odds by the use of his wit - now he is a pale reflection of that character, whiney, playing a fool - and if I had to hear "where do whore's go" one more time I was going to scream.Daenerys:  A woman who has overcome unbelieveable odds, virtually coming through the fire, crossing deserts, raising an army, hatching dragons, intent on her purpose to return to Westeros and reclaim the throne she feels was stolen from her family has become an ineffectual, sex starved, wanna-be queen.  The way she has turned on her dragons is so off character that it doesn't make sense to me and also the fact that she can no longer make a decision.Pacing - by the end of the book many of our characters never made it to their destination nor were there many plot resolutions.  Since AG of T we have been "teased" about the Others - yet what more do we know about them?  Poor editing.  Introduction of too many new characters and too much detail in this book on minor characters.I could drone on (like the book) but what is the point.  Personally I am done with the series.  My ending goes something like this:"Others cross the wall,take over all of Westeros,  turn everyone into other "Others" - sail to all of the other kingdoms and zombie them also - then they all live happily ever after."