I can only second what many reviewers before me have remarked upon: the book is far too long, too wordy and too repetitive to stand in comparison to volume one to three.I think GRRM just isn't the same personality anymore that he was when working on the first three volumes. And although he always assured us that he was diligently working on AFFC first and then ADWD, I think he has done about diddly squat in all that time. You just had to look at his NAB every few weeks: "NFL this and conventions that..." that's all it was about. It's all his life is about now, I suppose.Then when that HBO deal came along, the cunning salesman acknowledged an opportunity: "Hey, lots of additional publicity!" So, for the first time in years he sat down to really work a bit on ADWD, only to find out that he had changed so much he couldn't get access anymore to his own creation.To remedy that he wrote. A lot. Trying to immerse himself in the world and characters his readers wanted to hear about. Sadly, all his efforts turned out to be just finger exercises. He doesn't have a grip on the characters as he created them anymore. That's why they all behave so strangely out of character, imo.And he seemingly has no idea where to take the story he started. It was all clear once, but now it's muddled in his own mind.  That's what outlines are good for, but GRRM is a "freewriter", "a gardener, not an architect". Moreover it's been so long, many readers have guessed the originally planned grand revelation: J=R+L. So, out of the lunch box comes young Griff, just to show these pesky readers that GRRM is alwasy good for a surprise. It all feels forced, added on and not thought through.Even the prose is different now, much coarser, many and more repetitions, archaic expressions and catch phrases.I didn't buy this one, in fact I cancelled my 2008 pre-order as soon as I was informed the book would be ready for delivery in two weeks time, so appalled was I by his conduct on the NAB (water damaged goods, anyone?). And I won't bother with the next if ever it should come out in my lifetime. I don't want the characters and storyline that I once loved spoiled anymore in my mind than he has managed to do with this clunker of a book.