I can say in all honesty this is the worst book I have read in many years; I wish I could rate it "one-quarter star."  I only finished the book because I was on a 14-hour flight across the Pacific Ocean with nothing else to do.  The writing is of extraordinarily poor quality, aimed at about a 6th-grade reading level.  Worse, it seeks to make the heroine seem better than she was by degrading every other female around, particularly female family members.  The main target for her vitriol is Anne Boleyn, who is portrayed as a psychotic monster (who eagerly has a long-term affair with her own brother, an accusation that no one else seriously believes).  The author's twisted hatred makes one wonder if the author has a sister she hates, or possibly she hates all women on the planet and blames them for all her own personal problems.The book portrays Mary as a sweet innocent, the only good woman in England.  In reality, Mary Boleyn was sent as a young girl to the French court as a lady in waiting.  She became a notorious international laughingstock because of her extreme promiscuity and lack of common sense and was brought home in disgrace.  Her horrible reputation as beyond "easy," as well as her extreme youth and stupidity, temporarily appealed to Henry VIII.  He used her, got her pregnant, and instantly forgot her existence.  It was her bad example that caused Anne to hesitate so long before giving in to Henry.The bad writing gets truly laughable in the "sexy" scenes and later scenes showing Mary "playing house" - - finding true happiness as the poor farmer's wife, with a smile on her face and a song in her heart in her jolly, neat little cottage, having fun learning to cook and clean and milk the cows - - at a time when a real, impoverished farmwife would be doing backbreaking work 14 hours a day, fighting for survival.  How about a reality check here!  In fact, one of the reasons I picked the book up in the first place was because I was hoping for some factual information on Mary's later marriage - - I know she married a commoner, not a wealthy man, but how poor were they?  I assume he was a gentleman farmer with servants.  It seems incredible that a member of the aristocracy would gladly and merrily move to a life of poverty, which would involve extreme hardship and not the fun and games the author stupidly portrays.  If Mary really married a poor man and had to do all the work, it would have been a horrifying and shocking learning experience on her part, true culture shock, and not the joyful romp portrayed in this silly book.All in all, this is a ridiculous and offensive book, insulting to anyone with intelligence and to any woman with any self respect.