I was very disappointed in this book.The plot doesn't develop significantly, but that is not my main criticism.I can see what Martin is doing with the story, and I appreciate it.It is a build-up, every story needs that.What lost me was the world-building.Way too many "characters" and "cultures".Endless lists of names and relations.What am I reading, a family tree?  Or a travel guide?I can see why the author might think this makes the world bigger and more realistic etc, but it fails.  Why am I wasting my time reading about hundreds of irrelevant not-even-secondary "characters"?  Answer: I'm not.  I had to do the unthinkable and skim through this verbiage.  If you are a speed-reader, this is the perfect book to practice on.  I suspect Martin likes to make his readers suffer but I think he even failed at that here.  Instead of suffering I skipped.Pros: I enjoyed the descriptions of feasts - Jordan is a pro at that, and it makes my mouth water to read.  The early Tyrion chapters were a nice diversion.  I enjoyed the Theon plot arc, although it was horrifying.  The opening of his first chapter hit me unexpectedly, and my stomach still roils thinking about it.  Props to that, Martin, you got me.  I was not expecting that.  I also had some fun digging back into the 2nd and 3rd book to find out who "Reek" was.However, in the end, the book just wasn't believable.  The motivations and decisions of many characters felt forced.  For instance, why would the Boltons want Reek to listen in on their secret/personal talks?  Why, for the author to give the reader some juicy info.  Add in silly cliffhangers concluding each chapter, new POVs (more scenery, more setup, more verbiage), and cut-aways from action, and the book had me scratch my head thinking "huh?" instead of "that's amazing!" like the previous books.It's staggering how this series went from a focused dramatic saga to a recital of minutiae.  Martin must have gotten convinced along the way that the world-building was the best part of his books, because he's delved into that headfirst, trying to grow the world so large that it absorbs every possible name, event, history, etc.  But it just becomes encyclopedic in nature instead of dramatic, and all the superfluous stuffing smothers the story.I laughed at my friends who had been suckered into Jordan's pointless world.Joke is on me this time.  A Feast for Crows was superior to this book, at least the author's voice was confident.  A Dance with Dragons reads like a stunted and rickety mess.I am unsure whether to continue with this series.  Just because one of the books is bad doesn't mean all hope is lost.  But I am a little worried that with all the extra plot threads, I'll have no idea who is who and what is what next go round, and that the author will undoubtedly throw in hundreds more unnecessary characters.  There is just too much here, and little of it is interesting, and I only have so many brain cells to devote to fictional worlds.