There are SPOILERS involved with this review.  I have to include these because the GRRM fanatics believe that if you do not like this book, then you have never read the book and therefore if you post on any of the forums you must be a troll unless you include spoilers to prove you read the book.First, can we stop with the endless repetitions???  These are repeated hundreds of times throughout the book, after a while it is just worthless and we realize the Mr.Martin is just trying to up his word count.1.Where do whores go?  The imp dsoen't know, we get it.2.Reek, Reek, my name is reek, it rhymes with (?????).  We get it, reek rhymes with many different words, are you going to go through the alphabet?3.You know nothing Jon Snow.  O.K. He's ignorant, can we move on?4.I am just a young girl...Dany's young, are you trying to make sure we don't forget, or that you don't Mr. Martin?5.Word are wind.  We know, we read your book.  We are surprised that it did not blow itself off the shelves.6.Corn. Corn. Corn......Okay Ravens eat corn, we know.First of all there is way TOO MUCH filler and fluff in this book.At the beginning we are given page after page after page after page etc...of fluff just to find out that A) six skins dies and enters the one eyed wolf and B) that Jon Snow is a skin changer too, but dosen't know it.Conserning Jon we are subjected to a second retelling of Jon sending away Sam and making the baby switch. Did Mr Martin forget that he wrote this in AFFC?  Does he think his readers forgot (it has been a while)?After letting the wildlings cross the wall to help fight the others (somehow his seasoned brothers are all retarded and do not understand that they are undermaned and will die and lose the wall without help).Jon is then stabbed four times by his brothers.  We are never told he is dead and never see his body, so because of all the endless drivel at the beginning of the book most readers will have missed that he is a skin changer, so maybe he changed skins, maybe he is just wounded, or maybe he will come back from the dead like his mother.Bran finds the three eyed crow and learns that he is a greenseer.With the imp we are treated to his bathroom habits.  Do we really need to know everytime he goes to the bathroom?  Have a little bit of a hang up with the bathroom habits of little people do we Mr. Martin?Then we are treated to his travel log. Worse than reading a tech manual.  Words are wind Mr. Martin.He then becomes a slave, rides a pig in a mummers joust, walks away from slavery and on his word alone hires a sellsword company and joins them.The onion knight eats and we get to hear of every bite.  We know you like food Mr. Martin (we've seen your pic) but we do not need a play by play of his eating.A. Stark loses her sight and then gets it back and then commits her first assaination.Thon Grayjoy, through torture is transformed into Reek.  Eventually he helps Jane escape Ramsay Bolton.Dany keeps telling anyone who will listen that she is young, as if they or she has forgotten.  She chains up two dragosn because they are uncontrollable.  She thenmarries, and then flys away on the black dragon while Mereen is underseige.The prince of Dorn is killed by the green dragon (fire) while trying to steal the two dragons who are locked up.Mr. Martin thought his baby switching plot was so good that he told it again in this book.  Not only that but he was so proud of this "original" idea that he recycled itthree times.  We are told that a prince of dragons was not killed during the first rebellion, but was switched as a baby and now he is back to retake the iron throne.  Then we are told that the king beyond the wall did not die by fire but was switched with rattleshirt.  Plus A. Stark and Jane are switched.  Who else are we going to switch?  Maybe Jon was not Jon when he was stabbed, maybe he was switched.  Might as well recycle the plot one more time.Cersie confesses some of her crimes and does a walk of shame.  Now she is awaiting trial by combat.The queen is waiting a trial by the church.Little finger returns to kill the king regent because he wants the kingdoms to be at war so it is easier for the dragon prince to retake the iron throne.Jamie rides away with Brienne and is not heard from.Stannis marched on winterfell where we again are given more filler than you can shake a stick at.  Do we need a play by play of the snow march?  Then we are told in a letter that he and his friends are dead (maybe a lie?).Mance Rayder (switched with rattleshirt) takes six spear wives and tries to free the Stark girl (again a recycling of the switching plot, she is not Stark but Jane).We are told in Ramsay's letter that he is held captive and the six spear wives are dead.There was supposed to be a continunity check but we find out that grayscale is not what it was.  It was a childhood disease but has somehow become a life long illness like leprosey.Mr. Martin tells us he has a problem writing strong women and children.  Well, maybe he should not have so many strong women and children in his book.  It is funny though that he did not have a problem writing strong women and children in the first three books.  Are we sure Mr. Marting wrote books four and five? Dany and Jon are totally different characters with no development on how they changed.  He has lost sight of his story and is now offereing us filler and excuses.People have been comparing him to Tolkin.  The only thing he and Tolkin have in common is the "RR" in their names.  Anyone who makes this comparison has never read Tolkin or has become so emotionally invested in this story that they are blind to the truth.  Tolkin never wrote just to see how many words he could put to paper.  He wrote a complete story from start to finish.  At Mr. Martins pace and with these last two books of his he will be remembered as "The man who tried real hard".The only saving grace about this book is that I got it for free.  I am the third person to read this copy and the first person received it as a gift.  I will give it to someone else so that at least four people will not have paid for this crap and four people will not have given Mr. Martin anymore money.  I am leaving now to trade my copies of the first four books of this series at the used bookstore.  Maybe I will go back to Eddings.