How on earth did this rubbish get published? To quote another reviewer.."I don't believe I'm still reading this thing."Warning: Spoiler !We are immediately led to believe that a criminal defense lawyer with 15 years experience is shocked that her client is guilty. She feels used and vows revenge even though the jury is due back before lunchtime the next morning. I am sure had the lawyer been male, he would have laughed with the client, but we are led to believe that this female attorney is outraged that her client lied to her!!Even the case itself is stupid. An apparent clear case of self defense. The DA has nothing and yet not only does the trial last 2 months, but the defendant has been remanded in jail for a year without bail !!The judge on the case is up for the state supreme court even though he is only a district court judge.What follows is a disastrous, unbelievable race to find evidence that will somehow enable the client to be convicted. Most of the 'evidence' that is found would never be admissible anyway.Our `hero' tampers with the jury, drives to her clients beach house, breaks in, finds papers for a boat, breaks into a boat yard, breaks into storage, finds a boat, finds a map with a pin hole, spends hours digging in the freezing cold, finds a box, finds a computer printout. Why her client has kept this printout is beyond me since it became worthless a few hours after they used it.Everyone treaks across the city in knee high snow. Spend hours outside in driving blizzard conditions.  Then, everythings falls into place, everything becomes clear and it is a race to the court house.  The end comes quickly.  Then the really stupid part, the police show up with WARRENTS!!  I mean, how? why?  There would be no warrant without an investigation and evidence. The only person who spoke to the police in the whole book was the jurist who knew next to nothing.Our hero would be charged with countless offences and would probably never practice law again.Stressing me out just writing this review.. stupid book.