I have on my shelf Red Mars, Green Mars, and Blue Mars by Robinson and I've had them for years.  When it comes to reading lengthy trilogies I really have to be in the mood and have plenty of reading time.  When I finally felt the time was right, I picked up Red Mars and started reading.  And reading.  Although the book begins with a murder and is a day in the future of the Martian colony, the story begins with the first hundred, a hundred people who will be the first to live on Mars, the ones who will figure out how to survive there with the tools and knowledge they bring with them.  The ship is described as rather like a bunch of cans tied together which seems silly, but it's one thing that makes good sense once they land on Mars and can use the modules for living quarters, etc.The ship sounds spacious for such a venture, yet people can't help getting on each other's nerves.  They group together promoting their own agendas, arguing and just generally not getting alone.  Then something happens, and voila!  All friends again.  For a while.  Then something else happens, and voila!!  They're at each other's throats again.  The same holds true once they get to Mars, with one group deciding to settle on the moon for a while instead of going all the way to the planet.  Although the first hundred are mostly scientists and experts in their fields, they act like children, not only in arguing to get their way, but also splitting into factions, each working on projects willy nilly as if there was very little planning.The next groups of people to settle on the red planet just seem to come as they please and include political groups, transnational companies -- all people with an agenda, hoping to can make money from or dominate the red planet with.  There seems to be little cohesion either in the actions of the Martian settlers or in the story itself.  For pages and pages, Boone, the first man to have landed on Mars, goes walkabout -- in land and air vehicles -- just thinking about what's going on.  Wondering who is sabotaging equipment and projects.  He meets other groups, stays and talks with them, learns nothing, and goes on his way.Books with little action and much introspection are not a new thing in literature and there have been some marvelous works of fiction in that vein.  The writing might be lyrical, the plot interesting, a seeming purpose to the overall story.  I couldn't get far enough into Red Mars to find if there is some of that there.  I had to stop reading because I was not enjoying anything about the book.  Had some of the characters had interesting qualities, I might have persevered.  But they didn't.  Nor did the story.  This book isn't for me.  But there are lots of people who enjoyed it and there are probably many more out there.