Characters were constantly doing things that just didn't make any sense.  His parents are both killed in a tragic accident a week before his finals, and his professors do NOTHING to give him the benefit of the doubt on his exams?  Were incompletes a complete unknown in this time period?  (There's a lot more, but I'm trying to block it out....)  The main character himself seems to have virtually no inner life except a vague desire to get laid.  At one point he says he's interested in animals, but there sure no evidence of this.The entire first half of the book is exposition about circus life, with a long segment of gratuitous titillation thrown in.  I've got nothing against &#34;gritty&#34; and &#34;true to life&#34;.  However, I have no tolerance for scenes that are so obviously there only to sell the book as soft porn to an audience that wouldn't know literature if it hit them in the face.Characters are less 3-D than cardboard cut outs.  My dad's vague recollections of a circus coming to town when he was a kid in this time period were way more riveting.  At least they involved actual people, with real human motivations -- not characters who move from point A to B only because the author's outline said the plot had to move there.And present tense?  Throughout the entire book?  That's a device that should have been discarded in high school.  It does nothing but make me snicker at the author's obvious lack of writing talent.I had heard a rumor that this book was written as a NaNoWriMo project, and I can certainly believe it.  It seems to have been dashed off from a previously constructed outline, without any regard for building up characters and then modifying the plot if it made more sense for their motivations.  The present tense writing style is another give away that this was written in a rush and barely revised.  And the plonking in of vocabulary and &#34;facts&#34; willy-nilly -- stopping what little story there is in mid-stream -- kind of screams &#34;first draft&#34; all the way through.