This is a re-post and a revision of a review on this book that I put up in 2006, and which has somehow disappeared off Amazon. At any rate...I'm a fanatic about anything dealing with Henry VIII, and when I saw "The Other Boleyn Girl," I looked forward to reading it. I liked the premise that Gregory suggested -- describing the story of the doomed Anne Boleyn, Henry VIII's second wife, through the eyes of her sister, Mary Boleyn Carey Stafford.I'm sorry I wasted my time on this book, but am thankful I didn't waste my money. Gregory's research is decent -- unlike other reviewers, I realize this is "fiction," meaning the author can do whatever she thinks makes sense. The lack of blow-by-blow history didn't bother me. What did was that the characterizations were trite and one-dimensional, with the major players in the novel thoroughly unlikeable.Anne Boleyn isn't regarded favorably by many scholars for many reasons, some of which were justified, others not. But Gregory's interpretation of Anne as evil and arrogance extraordinaire was a little much, even for those who find plenty to dislike about her. In other fictional accounts about Anne Boleyn, most authors have the good sense to make her a sympathetic character, at least near the end. Getting beheaded can tend to put a character in a sympathetic light. But in "The Other Boleyn Girl," the portrayal of Anne was so dreadful, I was almost glad when she lost her head at the end of the book.But Anne wasn't the only one that suffered in this novel. The portrait of the entire Boleyn family was dull and one-dimensional, like something out of a bad soap opera. Instead of painting a ruthless picture of an ambitious family trying to claw its way to the throne, Gregory decided to formulate Mamma and Papa Boleyn as a Simon Legree type, throwing Mary to the wolves whenever and wherever possible. The portrayals were so theatrical and overblown, it was almost funny.Then there's Mary, who was really hard to like. I wanted to see some backbone in Mary, as she was not only the heroine, but the narrator. But she was portrayed as a wimp, rather than a pawn with a mind of her own. A flakey, whiney, hard-to-like character. And I have to agree with another review I read -- the position Gregory put Mary in at the end of the book stretched the bounds of credibility of even the loosest historical fiction.About the only redeeming quality was the author's portrayal of George Boleyn, Anne and Mary's brother. George, at least, had some fire and facets to his personality, unlike his sisters.In all, I'm wondering how this actually ended up in the hands of a movie producer and actually made it to the theaters with such a stellar cast. The plot has always lended itself to making a good movie. But in this effort, Gregory just didn't do well.