We, Your loving and concerned fans, want the good stuff back! Give us the good old action packed "song of ice and fire" we so loved and got addicted to for the first 3 installment!Are you Robert Jordan, Master of BORE, Or the acclaimed GRR Martin, creator of worlds, master of intrigue, emperor of suspense?If you read most of the reviews here you'll find all the reviewers say the same things -  a very very long book, with almost no plot.Boring. Tedious. superfluous. Are those the words you want to be associated with your creation?What started out as one of the most thrilling, exiting, and enjoyable fantasy series, took a dive down, leaving millions of fans bitterly disappointed. We  want to be able to read on and see what happens. lead us through this epic tale you created, make us again love and hate, cry and lough, and read with wonder what magnificent and thrilling adventures are installed for your characters. Do not let it end this way.Make "Feast for crows" and "Dance of dragons"  just a bad dream you woke from, and write us the book we are waiting for.Join me in telling  Mr. Martin to deliver the goods: Do not buy this book. Nothing much happens there, you are not missing out.If you must read it - borrow it from a library or from someone who waisted his money already.  Resist the urge to buy, I know it is difficult sometimes - but it will serve a good cause. Maybe if the sales of this book will be considerably lower, Mr. Martin will understand that he has let down his fans, and that he needs to give them the terrific sixth installment they are waiting for.I am not a crazed fun. I can go on with my life with or without the 7 kingdoms, but a decent sequel and a worthy ENDING would be nice, too.I mean - I love an epic saga, but how long can it go? Don't the devoted readers deserve a closure?  It appears to me that Mr. Martin does not seem to think so. Maybe he does not have a clue as how to end it, or maybe he thinks we are walking, talking ATM machines.If he does intend to end it, with the brilliance and magic he knows to weave, let it happen now. If this is the best he can do - Why would you give him your money? How can a book this disappointing, that has made so may people give up entirely on the series, be on the best sellers list?I have posted this exact same review/protest for GRRM's "Feast for crows". In my opinion - these two books are basically the same long, endless,  less than mediocre book, That should not have been written.  The two were just too thick to bind together and I guess that making the readers pay for two bad books instead of just one appealed to Mr. Martin and his publisher.