I couldn't stand this book.  Not only does it completely butcher history, it maligns Anne and makes her sister Mary look like a saint (when in fact she had also been a mistress to King Francis of France before coming to Eng. Court).  *SPOILERS*:  Gregory writes as if the accusations brought up against Anne (adultery, incest and witchcraft) are true (any historian will tell you Henry just wanted to make way for a new wife to bear him sons). *END SPOILERS*  Throughout the book I felt that she was really shoving down my throat that "this is definitely a good person" and "this is definitely a bad person." The characters are always very black/white and sinner/saint, ridiculously sweet/innocent and ridiculously conniving/evil (instead of letting each character have their own positives and negatives). No char development or depth.  PG tells you who to like instead of letting you decide for yourself.I think I would actually be able to tolerate/overlook (some of) the inaccuracies if the characters were actually developed and realistic, each having good points as well as flaws instead of them being just "good" and "evil."The majority of other authors will either (A) stick to the facts and actual events and create their characters and stories AROUND that. Or (b) it will be a completely made up story, set in a certain period with accurate detail as to daily life/events for that period. Or (c) there will be a few actual historical characters around which the story is set, but the story itself is complete fiction (ex Girl With A Pearl Earring). With b and c, the authors flat out tell you the story is fiction. With a, the authors usually write a note if they have left out/ignored a fact, purposely changed something in the story, or whether there are several theories as to what happened (and why they chose to go with whatever reason they ended up writing).The problem is that Philippa Gregory acts like she's writing A, claims she "sticks to the facts" when she actually ignores the majority of facts and instead of writing her books AROUND them, she writes OVER them (basically she's trying to re-write history). It's extremely frustrating to people who study history, are historians or people who just plain old really enjoy history that this author INSISTS that all of her books are based on fact.  In reality she completely ignores the majority of the facts, making her books mere skeletons of history - names, dates, marriages, births and deaths are correct (well, maybe not birthdates in this book, but you get my point), but other than that don't count on the rest of it. In some cases PG even makes up facts (she claims that she's SURE Anne Boleyn is guilty of at least one murder/poisoning, but offers no proof, and I don't think any of today's historians would agree that Anne was a murderer.  In fact Historians tend to distance themselves from PG books and PG herself because they don't want to be related to what is clearly utterly false).  And Ms. Gregory breaks the first rule of historical research, which is to USE PRIMARY RESOURCES.  When she actually does reference sources, they are secondary and usually have not stood up to the test of time or academic debate.  If PG admitted that she was changing historical facts to suit her stories, I think people would be more accepting, but unfortunately she claims her books are all Fact based and makes no notes in the text of the actual facts.