Ice and Fire Books 1 through 3 are brutal, powerful, and engaging if you can look beyond the cruelty and enjoy the "game".  Book 4 is brutal, ponderous and not very interesting.  Book 5 is brutal, boring, circuitous, and disappointing, and contains nothing but cruelty.  Martin has lost the game, dropped the reins, left the building.Having just slogged through "A Dance with Dragons", I am no longer interested in the fates of the characters -- those who remain -- and Mr. Martin's world has become an endless, dreary hell of death, destruction and despair.  I will not buy Books 6 through Infinity as I don't want to read about unrelenting hatred, gratuitous violence, baby killing, blood sacrifice, grotesque animal abuse, face eating and/or excrement eating, body fluids, gore, little boys being thrown overboard because "their kind" shouldn't be allowed to live, and men whose only use for women is to "take" them forcibly as a prelude to killing them.  Really, how many child rapes can an author cram into a series?  Hey! I enjoy sex scenes as much as the next person, but some of this dreadful stuff is kiddie porn.It seems that Mr. Martin continues to write not to advance the story lines established in Books 1-3, but to vividly describe each and every horrible way a woman, man, child, infant, or beast can be gruesomely hurt and/or die.  And, oh yeah, forget about dying and coming back to a happy afterlife! Indeed, every story development that could be considered even slightly uplifting was left hanging back in Book 3.In some reviews of the early Ice and Fire books, Martin was favorably compared to Tolkien -- undeniably, Martin can write a powerful description. And, each author does have a double-barreled middle name! However, Tolkien developed an intricate, magical world in which loyalty, compassion, honor and even--gasp!--love could endure.  Martin's world is so dark and his characters so despicable that nothing worthy can endure. Tolkien wrote about a quest, Martin writes about --what? -- who cares?Take the advice of many reviewers -- save your grey matter and skip this one.