A Dance With Dragons is fifth book in the Song of Ice and Fire series and I am hooked, lock stock and barrel.  In this installment, the first 60% of the book covers the same time period as that covered in a Feast for Crows but focuses on things taking place outside of Westeros -- at the Wall and beyond and in the Free Cities.  The last 40% sees the two parallel tracks merge together and move forward.  The immensity of the vision required for this series is beyond belief.  New characters continue to be introduced, including a few that likely will be central to the plot moving forward.  Although this book lacks the relentless plot punches of the third installment, Storm of Swords, there are enough jaw-dropping moments to satisfy even the most blood thirsty, including two unforgettable scenes involving the dragons.Among the things I love about this series are: (1) complicated, three-dimensional characters that can be loved (or hated) with passion; (2) intricate political intrigue with endless twists and turns; (3) an amazingly vivid, original fantasy world with more nuances than you can count; (4) heroes, villains, underdogs, vipers, champions, animals, feats of valor....the list goes on and on.  The unforgettable characters in this series include:  Jon Snow, bastard son of Lord Eddard Stark and the current Lord High Commander of the Night's Watch, desperate to wear the mantle of power with honor and grace; Arya Stark, Jon's half-sister, hidden in Braavos while she learns who she is and where her destiny will lead her; Danaerys Targaryen, Blood of the Dragon, gathering power and the strength to take back the Iron Throne ripped from her family in blood; Tyrion Lannister, the Imp, exiled from the Seven Kingdoms after being branded a king- and kin-slayer, hunted by his evil sister Cersei, mother to King Tommen, for whom no amount of power would ever be enough; and, of course, the animals, including Ghost, direwolf and familiar of Jon Snow; and the three dragon "children" of Danaerys -- Dhrogon, Viserion and Rhaegal.  All of these and many more are woven into the intricate tapestry that is this series.  I could read these books forever.  Opening the cover and starting to read is like diving into a deep pool and feasting your eyes on an aquarium of the most amazing creatures you can imagine.  I can't even fathom how George R.R. Martin keeps the worlds, people, histories and back stories of each and every complex character straight.  If he keeps going for 10 more books, I am in.