The whole time I was reading this book, there was an old saying that kept coming to my mind: Pride goeth before a fall. That is exactly what I thought of Anne Boleyn. Now mind you, this was my second attempt in reading "The Other Boleyn Girl." I had heard so many rave reviews about this book so two years ago, I picked it up and couldn't get into it. For one thing, it portrayed Anne Boleyn as a scheming and crafty girl, instead of a victim to a man's lust for a son to be his heir. After reading "The Queen's Fool" ~~ I got snared in with Gregory's writing and just had to try "The Other Boleyn Girl" again. This time, I was hooked.I love reading historical fiction. I know that it's fiction based on the few historical gleams that any author could find. I know that the real story may never be known in its fullest truth. So knowing that, I can sit back and enjoy this immense novel about two sisters who vied for the King's attention. How much of it is factual? I don't know. Do I care? No. It's not as if I am going to write a biography on the Tudors. Do I find their lives ~~ supposed and actual ~~ interesting? Oh yes. I have been a devoted fan of Alison Weir and Antonia Fraser, as well as Jean Plaidy ~~ they've whetted my interest in history. So, I know that this book, based on a lot of historical studies, is a work of fiction. If I didn't want to read fiction, I would read different authors ... so my point is, this is a fun book to read.This story was narrated by Mary, the "other" Boleyn sister. She was newly married and just shortly after Anne returned to England from France, Mary was selected to be the King's lover. Between her uncle and her parents, Mary was a biddable girl who did what her elders told her to do to further the Howard/Boleyn family connections in the king's court. As a very young lady-in-waiting, Mary was prime picking for a king's lust. In this novel, Mary gave birth to two children, a daughter and a son. During the recovery period after her son's birth, Anne decided to further her family's interest and her own personal interest by going after the king. As you can imagine, the relationship between the two sisters were never quite the same after that.While Mary was at her sister's beck and call, she fell in love with an "ordinary no-body" ~~ William Stafford, a rural landowner. But bidden to do Anne's calling, Mary was in the midst of all the court's intrigues. From her eyes, she told the tale of how Anne came to power and how she intrigued the king to the fatal end. The longer Anne fought to be queen, the more corrupted she seems to be. The more corrupted Anne seem to be, the more reasonable Mary seem to be and more mature of the two.This was a hefty book but oh so much fun to read! It is definitely one of the more enjoyable books I've read this year. I am glad to add Philippa Gregory to my never-ending list of authors to read ~~ she writes well and very convincingly of a time period that little is known. She is a great story-teller ~~ and definitely one to recommend.3-30-07