Who would have thought I would have angered so many people with my initial review -- written about a third of the way through the book?  Here's what I wrote:I hate it when people write a review about a book they haven't finished.  Really.  And, yet, here I am.  So many negative reviews made me doubt the past two weeks when I reread the four earlier novels.  (Loved each of them.  Loved FEAST FOR CROWS much more the second time around.)  DANCE WITH DRAGONS definitely develops the story, moves us past A STORM OF SWORDS.  This is RICH story telling with lots of background, history, and detail.  Characters are developed.  AND plot moves forward.  Yes, as with FEAST there has yet to be any big moments, like the death of Eddard Stark, the Red Wedding, the fall of Winterfell, but, still, the story is gripping.  Reading DANCE in the immediate wake of the first four novels makes the newest novel so much better.  Yes, I still have lots to read.  But, I just had to contradict the negative reviews.  The book is very much worth the read.  Do not be daunted.  Better yet.  Reread what precedes DANCE and have a most remarkable reading experience.Now that I've finished, here's my response:First, I admitted to disliking writing an early review.  But I justified it.  There were simply too many negative reviews and, had I listened to them, I would have missed out on a remarkable reading experience.Second, it would behoove any reader to reread FEAST (or, better yet, the entire series) before reading DANCE.  Rereading allows the reader to identify all the character development and forward movement -- some of which is subtle -- that occurs in DANCE.Third, I loved this book.  Yes, I can agree with many aspects of the negative reviews:  Tyrion does lose his "zing,"  yes, Dany's chapter's go on a bit too long, and yes, all the single chapter POVs are a bit annoying.  And yet, Martin has moved his story forward.  Ending with far too many cliffhangers -- again, I agree! -- but the only reason I am hanging on that cliff is because the story is so darn good! As frustrating as the book could be at times -- it is LONG -- it was a remarkably rich reading experience.  This is elevated fiction.Fourth, I have a theory.  The next book will be out within two years.  Why?  It's all about money making.  Remember, Martin told us he had written a large portion of DANCE at the time FEAST was released.  He did NOT need six years to write DANCE.  But he did need the time to wait for HBO to give him the larger -- deserved -- audience he and his publishers wanted.  (Have you seen the bestseller lists lately?)  He sat on this.  Worked on the next volume.  And, now, we will see the final volumes released in a more timely manner.