WATER FOR ELEPHANTS by Sara GruenThis is a marvelous book that covers the two bookends of the long adventurous life of Jacob Jankowski, going back and forth from him as a ninety-plus-year old in an assisted living facility, to him thinking back to his days working on the Benzini Brothers Most Spectacular Show on Earth, a circus that moved around the country in its own train.He is all alone in the nursing home, with most the employees viewing him as more trouble than he is worth, except for one wonderful nurse named Rosemary, who shows him respect and compassion, and is for all practical purposes his only friend at this point in his life. While he has many family members, his children are now old themselves and the family in general has moved on without him. They take turns visiting him, but he gets the feeling their hearts are not into it.Mr. Jankowski maintains his sanity by thinking back to his days as a young man in his prime. The story into the past begins with him finishing up veterinary school at Cornel. His plan is to join his father's practice, but, just before he finishes his final exam, he gets the news that his parents have been killed in a car wreck. To add to the tragedy, he finds out that his parents were bankrupt and losing their family house and everything they own, a result of the bad economy and them putting all their money into Jacob's education at Cornel. He responds by joining the Benzini Brothers Greatest Show on Earth.His journey down memory lane provides us a rich assortment of protagonists and antagonists, and a loving, touching account of the animals that were under his care as the official veterinarian of the circus. He falls in love with the star of the circus, but she is married to a brute, having been sold off to him while she was still a child. Jacob has constant run ins with her lover, as the man is in charge of training the animals for the circus acts. The man is a barbarian, often mistreating the animals, his wife, the workers, and he and Jacob rumble several times.The owner of the circus is a two-bit conman that often physically abuses his workers, and more often than not--it seems--fails to pay them. This of course leads to great friction with the working men, some of whom disappear during some of the train rides, thrown off the moving train under the orders of the mad man in charge of the circus.Along the way, the circus picks up a prized elephant, named Rosie, who does not respond to any commands and is judged to be a worthless animal with an alarming appetite. The trainer responds by beating the elephant on several occasions. Jacob intervenes and figures out the elephant responds to Polish, which provides the circus new life, with Rosie emerging as the star of the circus, along with Jacob's love, Marlena.There are several wonderful side stories that outline the struggles of the wonderful array of characters that make up the circus crew. They travel around in the Depression, attempting to survive when most circuses are folding their tents and going out of business.I loved the ninety-plus-year old Jacob and especially his flashbacks to earlier days that showed the wonders, dangers, opportunities, underhandedness, splendors and tragedies of life on the train circus. The story tells how difficult it is to age, to become old, to be viewed as no longer capable of living a normal life. It also is a story that tells us to follow our dreams when we are young and do all we can to make them come true.Ms. Gruen provides a fitting ending to the book. I will not spoil it for you, but you are certain to like and appreciate it.This is a wonderful book that I highly recommend.Hey Joe (Jamaica Series)