The pair (Winds of War plus War and Remembrance) are must-read books for anyone who wants to understand World War II. Following a military family through the pre-war years up until Pearl Harbor, Winds of War sets the stage and covers the early war in Europe in detail. War and Remembrance then picks up after Pearl Harbor and gets all the way to the victory over the Japanese.Artfully using characters that have a plausible reason to be in important locales for the war, Wouk combines the family's story with military analysis (by a fictitious German general) to give a complete story. It's amazing that he can work so much that's relevant to the war into a drama about fictional characters.The novel gives you a sense of the military and geographic factors that drove the war, the logistic and economic factors, and the psychology of the leaders of the great powers. But you're also treated to an understanding of the spirit of the times. Younger readers especially will begin to understand what it was like to live in an age very unlike the modern world, and one in which mortal threats were commonplace.I recently reread Winds of War after a twenty year gap, and enjoyed it even more this time. I feel that I know the characters even better the second time through, and better understand their predicaments and the choices they made.I only have only one quibble about characterization. One of the characters, a Jewish wife to one of the military family, is the on-scene witness in Europe to Germany's treatment of the Jews. While I think that material is very important, the series of circumstances that keeps her and her uncle in Europe seems a bit contrived to me. But I'll give Wouk a little license. The book would have not been complete or nearly as powerful if it had left out a complete understanding of the Holocaust, and if it took a little contrivance to get two Americans to witness those events, I consider that a worthwhile trade.If you've seen the TV series and liked it, you really ought to get the complete picture by reading this book. I've given it as a gift to friends for years. I used to pick up copies I would see in used book stores so that I could give it to folks I thought might be interested.Unfortunately I ended up with no copies except one very old falling-apart one, and bought a recent printing of the paperback. The quality was not as good it should be, probably because this book is over a thousand pages and they cut some corners on production. I have to wash my hands after each reading because the print smudges off the book. So if you can afford it, you might want to get the school/library binding version instead. It's more than twice as expensive, but I expect it's of far superior quality. I'm probably going to pick up one of those myself. This pair of books is one that ought to be displayed proudly in any thinking person's library.