I have read so many bland and otherwise unbelievable historical novels that I was a bit skeptical when I picked up The Other Boleyn Girl. From the start, I was hooked. Using Mary, sister to Anne, as a narrator was as brilliant touch by the author, as she comes across as a vastly different woman with somewhat lesser ambitions, as far as having power and the throne in her grasp.Her sister? Power and ambition seem to be born in her and the author, Philippa Gregory, has clearly done her research, as I felt like I was seeing the world of the 1500s, so vivid, so real. Male/ female relationships were also clearly spelled out and I saw the Boleyn girls as the pawns they were in a very dangerous game of strategy to catch the eye of King Hentry the VIII. It was clear that men held the power and the women were meant to do the bidding of their families, especially if they could be used to help secure land, financial security or upward mobility in society.This may be hard for those looking at the events from a modern perspective but I think the author wasn't off base in her assessment of the times. She has certainly done her research because at the end of the book there is an extensive bibliography, adding weight to my assumption that here is one author who does her homework - and quite thoroughly.Although historical fiction can rarely be accurate as to what was ACTUALLY said at certain moments in history (with the exception of those times when reliable notes or tapes were taken), there can be a fairly solid recreation of the way people lived, the values and traditions. This is one of the strongest points in the book, as the author recreated the daily activities of each level of social class and showed how important (and even dangerous) it could be to catch the King's eye. I also got a feel for the foods eaten, the expectations for women (to speak many languages, learn domestic arts, how to act with propriety and proper manners) and little details like having hair combed with lice combs provided information about the realities that even the highest classes had to deal with (yes, even lice).Every detail of this book pulled at my emotions and imagination as well as providing historical information I hadn't known before.. When I wasn't caught up in reading about the various intrigues of the Boleyn family then I would be sympathizing with poor Mary as she was torn from her children or wondered how various women would fare later in history, not just the Boleyns but the Seymour girls. The author makes no bones about how women were used as pawns, devices in a dangerous game of ambition, scheming and desire to advance a family's reputation.I refuse to say too much about the plot except to note that I doubt few readers will be unmoved by the events described here. Also, you'll come away with a deeper appreciation for the history of the day, an understanding about how it may have played out in day to day life and women's life in the 1500s, as well as court intrigue, political scheming and much more. Richly detailed writing and totally engaging! .Related books:The Rise and Fall of Anne Boleyn: Family Politics at the Court ofAnne Boleyn