The Flashman books are unabashedly politically incorrect, often hilarious, remarkably accurate historical novels - set in the 19th Century. Our hero - Harry Flashman, an officer in the British military - is a self-admitted scoundrel/rascal/cad/rogue - "his personal character was deplorable, his conduct abandoned, and his talent for mischief apparently inexhaustible." - and because of his "self-awareness" is very likeable. Harry is usually on the run from someone - the law, a jealous husband or some figure of authority - and during his travels meets up with historical figures and stumbles into historical events - usually of the military nature - inadvertently fighting the "good fight". And as can be surmised, Harry is never short of female companionship.The stories are told from the fictional "Flashman Papers", written by Harry in his twilight years, "edited" by the author - including "footnotes" which I encourage you to read - and which were "discovered" in 1966 - The "faux" authenticity only adding to the enjoyment in reading these books.In this volume, a two-parter which chronicles Harry's adventures in 1849-50 and 1875-76, we find our hero in the U.S., mostly in the Wild West, with a few sojourns in New York and Washington, DC. As the title suggests, "Flashy" encounters and becomes embroiled in the Native American "problem". In the first half of the book he leads a wagon train - actually a bordello on the move - from New Orleans to the west coast. In the second half Harry is enlisted - by President Grant - to aid in the "negotiations" with the Sioux Nation - the story climaxing with Custer's Last Stand.In the telling of the story the reader meets a cornucopia of historical figures - U.S. Grant, Sherman, Sheridan, Crazy Horse, Spotted Tail, Mangas Coloradas, Kit Carson, Wild Bill Hickok and of course Custer - just to name a few. And Flashman - true to form - is not only in the midst of the all the action - he's the root cause in some instances - and of course he has more than a few romantic liaisons along the way.If historical novels, with more than a little humor, are your cup of tea, this volume and the Flashman series will suit you perfectly.