What a great read! In 1969 English author George MacDonald Fraser published the first (of eleven) novels on the life and career of Harry Paget Flashman! Flashman was first seen in print as the bully boy in Thomas Hughes' classic novel "Tom Brown's Schooldays."The Plot: Young Harry Flashman is expelled from Dr. Thomas Arnold's Rugby School where he has been sent down for drunkeness.The young wastrel enlists in the army following in the footsteps of his dissolute father. Flashman is stationed in Scotland where he seduces and weds Elspeth Morrison. This less than brilliant but beautiful blonde is the daughter of Mr. Morrison who is a manufacturer. Flashman is sent to India and later to Afghanistan. He is captured by Afghan rebels and nearly tortured to death. Flashman participates in the British Army's retreat from Kabul resulting in a massive slaughter of the troops, Indian sepoys and British women and children. Flashman returns home a national hero for his efforts in the first Afghan War. He is nevertheless a scoundrel who is a rapist, coward and a seducer of women all ages, shapes and sizes! His wife Elspeth has been unfaithful during his long sojourn abroad. Flashman is received by the Duke of Wellington and is presented a medal for valor given him by young Queen Victoria. Give Flashman credit for being honest about his military exploits!The Review's Assessment of the Novel: I found this book to be at times hilarious and at other times it blazes with adventure worthy of a nineteenth century James Bond (the author Fraser wrote the screenplay for Octopussy). Flashman is the narrator of his career poking fun at British Victorian hypocrisy and incompetence in the British colonial army. He is able to paint with a broad brush the sights and smells of exotic locals in Afghanistan and India. Flashman serves as the first person narrator of his amazing career. Though the book is fictional the author claims he discovered the Flashman papers in the 1960s. The papers were suppposedly written by the elderly Flashman during his retirement.The Flashman novels are a delight!  The series is not for the squeamish or those adverse to coarse language. The Flashman books are well written and researched. If you want to enjoy a few hours in the company of a rogue who will entertain and enlight you then be quick to sign up in the British army alongside that magnificent cad Harry Flashman. Enjoy!!!