While Britain was ingloriously kicked out of SE Asia in 1941, their soldiers seemed to exemplify the worst effects of years of defeat and despair. The debacle of Burma and Singapore and the debilitating effects of defeat infected both the British, Indian and Commonwealth armies. After the defeats and the long road back is where George Mac Fraser comes in.The British and Indian Armies has been integrated trained and tested in the rugged battles of Imphal and Kohima. The Black Cat Division full of men from mostly Cumbria, are ready to be tested in the long road back to Rangoon. Fraser recounts his role in the big push to capture most of Burma and then the mop-up operations with British Special Forces in the closing weeks of the war.Fraser's autobiographical writing is characteristically wry and at times cynically humourous. At other times he evinces what one may call the "ugly" side of the racist feeling of the enemy that filled the heads of both sides in this conflict. Like a lot of authors of the same era, Japanese are "Japs" and they are a lesser form of humanity. Lesser because they kill, rape and murder and kill British POWs to a degree that the British soldier (and any normal human being) finds shocking. What happens is, in turn, a dehumanisation of the British/ Indian soldier and any notion of him being a gentlemanly warrior. Quarter is neither asked nor given. Killing Japs and more Japs becomes the end in itself. When the initial offence breaks the backs of the main line of Japanese defence, the Gurkhas hunt Japanese with their long Kukris, Indian troops kill Japanese wounded, and the British go for vengence.At the end of the book Fraser is aware of the mentality engendered on him and his men. He makes no apologies for it. In one of his more famous quotes he asks if the British soldier fully cognizent of what the A Bomb would do the Japanese women and children would withhold bombing if giving the choice. He answers that if it could in some way end the suffering on the Burma Front by shortening the hell they faced, then the British Soldier would join in a single chorus that "yes use the damned thing...."It is chilling in the sense what this war in the jungle did to them. Fighting far from home in a jungle with sparse rations, rotting clothes, little rest, constant wet of the monsoons or constant dryness of the central plains --- the wasting of the body and the mind is much in evidence in this book.Fraser also loved his mates and the times he spent with them. Those days around fires on the Central Plains the intial rush to capture Rangoon before the Monsoon rains is very poetically detailed by this warrior Scot. Seven years after reading this book I can still remember his description of when the chase ends and the first drops of the monsoon rains come as the weary troops rest on the road to Rangoon.The British Warrior poet is a much more developed genre than its American counterpart. In this war there are many good British haunting memoirs about the Burma Front and the "Fogotten War."But this is still one of the best and stays with you a very long time.