The events leading to the Second World War are as fascinating as the events of the War itself, and infinitely more complex and consequential than any work of fiction.  Wouk (and his researchers) have provided us with a marvelous gift in this book, which presents a cleverly developed fictitious tale set among ALL of the major events and players of this real life drama.I am writing this review in March of 2008.  The US is experiencing multiple financial crises in the housing, credit, and energy markets.  We are at war with seemingly unobtainable goals.  We are witnessing a baffling and discouraging presidential contest.  Terrorism seems to rule nearly every aspect of our lives (and even so, we are one of the safest nations on Earth - in other words, it is much worse in other places . . . .).  All of that stated, March of 2008 looks like a cakewalk compared to nearly any place in the world in the late 1930's and early 1940's, when fascist (and socialist, and imperialist) politics, rapidly developing war technologies, the last vestiges of old world European colonialism, and the overwhelming power of racism (anti-Semitism, among others), combined to change the maps of nearly every major power and realign the world for the time not yet ended.  This masterful work of fiction sheds a fascinating light on the rise of this war, while also providing a great story.About the fiction of this work, Wouk invented an interesting family whose characters, all taken together, are present for active roles in just about every major event of the coming war.  As such, this is like a modern Shakespearian classic - we are treated to the very human actions and emotions of legends (good and bad) through the eyes of Pug Henry and his family.  What a hell of a book.  At some regrettable points, the book borders on sappy, and some (and I stress, only a few) scenes are just not believable (like Warren Henry being shot down over Pearl Harbor, and dropping in at his house to see the wife before snagging another plane and getting back in the fight).  These missteps are few and forgivable.  The characters are universally flawed, which is a refreshing departure from the typical pop fiction approach - sometimes I would find myself angry with some of these characters and their actions - what a great reaction to pull out of your reader!This is a recommended book for war and history buffs, but I think it can be enjoyed by anyone who appreciates readable fiction - particularly fiction set in the mid-20th century.  The ultimate compliment: when I finished this I did not hesitate to pick up Wouk's sequel, War and Remembrance.  Awesome!